https://tahanima.github.io/2020/06/21/recruitment-stories-experience-of-proteeti-at-bs23/

Phase 1. online test : MCQ Topic
    -those who have marks up to 50% they are selected for the next step.
    DBMS
    OOP
    OS
    Networking
    DSA
    Git
    Java
    C++
    Analytical
    Math

    DS complexity
    output tracing of C programs
    Online coding test is most about string related problems.
    Implementation problem,geedy problem,Dynamic Programming,Graph Related Problem
    dijkstra
    SQL and sub query
    
Phase 2. Coding test / Assesment test 
    Game, puzzle solving, problem solving and designing a project

Phase 3. - Skype Interview .
    
Phase 4.  HR Interview. (Non Technical)
    Leetcode 
    Codeforces A, B;
    Topological sorting written question
    Find a loop in linked list;
    Does merges sort algorithm have O(n log n) worst case time complexity?
    Data structure, Algorithm, Database and oop
    Explain the terms ‘Record’, ‘Field’ and ‘Table’ in terms of database.
    Which one is runtime polymorphism?
    Output tracing of post and pre increment operator
    Explain briefly what do you know about Microservices and SDLC.
    which algorithm will run faster given its time complexity: options given.
    Questions regarding recursons was present
    

    you are given a list of minutes to perform some tasks such as [2, 6, 3, 4, 1, 7, 2]. what least time it will take if two workers work in parallel and perform those tasks in sequential order?

    Nodes , Palindrome , Even Odd Fibonacci numbers
    Time complexity,Database, Sub query, OOP. Algorithm
    Stages of software testing lifecycle

    What do you know about one-to-many relationship in database? give an example
    How will you find out a doubly linked list is circular or not?
    Write a pseudocode of recursion to print all the digits of a number from right to left 
    What do you know about github since it is in you CV?

    When we write the url of facebook and hit enter, how do the browser understands that this url points to facebook, not youtube? 

    What do you know about polymorphism?
    They asked from OOP four basic principles...
    They checked what i know about frontend backend github technologies
    They checked my knowledge on problem solving, data structures & algorithms, dbms, bla blah!
    A procedure that cell itself is called

    what is 20 mod -3
    version control system
    What is singleton design pattern?
    Binary Tree, Binary Search Tree, Joining query, Normalization concept, OS, OSI model, question related to CV
    Explain sync and async request.
    When to use Trie data structure.
    Is there any problem with multiple inheritance.
    Describe stored-procedure in the context of DB
    Difference between truncate and delete
    When do we use BFS?
    Binary to decimal, gcd of two numbers, fibonacci using recursion.
    OOP, data structure, SQL

    - What do you understand about OOP?
    - What is the difference between abstract class and interface?
    - What are the features that C# has but Java don't?
    - (Some other basic questions)
    - What is your weakness?
    - What do you do to overcome them?
    - Where do you want to see yourself in 5 years?